README.md, before:

# [WIP] Nginx with Open Standards Everywhere
Nginx docker image and configuration using the ISOC OSE (Internet Society - Open Standards Everywhere) tutorials.

## Why
Protocols and good practices for security in web servers have been around for a pretty good time, but not always the system administrators have the knowledge or the time for studying these protocols and good practices. Aware of that, Internet Society has created the [Open Standards Everywhere](https://www.internetsociety.org/issues/open-standards-everywhere/) that consist of clear written tutorials for implementation in Web servers as Nginx or Apache.

## How to use
The file `default.conf` is the example file with the proper configuration for that site. Here you can change the server listen, address and let the other configurations as it's.

We'll copy the `default.conf` example for the `/etc/nginx/conf.d/default.conf` inside the docker image. For not overwriting the default conf file, **wich is also a good practice**, you can change the filename and the Dockerfile to write other filename, it'll work as well.

### Please just show me the commands

- Ok, for building (assuming your user is in the docker group):
```
docker-compose build
```

- For running:
```
docker-compose -d
```

- Test it accessing `localhost:8089`

Commit message:

Add self-signed openssl certificates and README improvemetn

README.md, after:

# [WIP] Nginx with Open Standards Everywhere
Nginx docker image and configuration using the ISOC OSE (Internet Society - Open Standards Everywhere) tutorials.

## Important Notes
- This project **DOESN'T INCLUDE** SSL certification purchases or tutorials. We're using self-signed certificates created in the Dockerfile. Repeating, **this is NOT a good practice**. Please, use Let's Encrypt or other service for get the certificates and change the Dockerfile to get the nginx with your supplied certificates.

## Why
Protocols and good practices for security in web servers have been around for a pretty good time, but not always the system administrators have the knowledge or the time for studying these protocols and good practices. Aware of that, Internet Society has created the [Open Standards Everywhere](https://www.internetsociety.org/issues/open-standards-everywhere/) that consist of clear written tutorials for implementation in Web servers as Nginx or Apache.

## How to use (for testing!)
The file `default.conf` is the example file with the proper configuration for that site. Here you can change the server listen, address and let the other configurations as it's.

We'll copy the `default.conf` example for the `/etc/nginx/conf.d/default.conf` inside the docker image. For not overwriting the default conf file, **wich is also a good practice**, you can change the filename and the Dockerfile to write other filename, it'll work as well.

### Please just show me the commands

- Edit your hosts file (`/etc/hosts`), and add the following line: 
```
127.0.0.1 mynginx.local
127.0.0.1 ipv6.mynginx.local
```

- Ok, for building (assuming your user is in the docker group):
```
docker-compose build
```

- For running:
```
docker-compose -d
```

- Test it accessing `localhost:8089` for HTTP
- Test it accessing `localhost:8090` for HTTPS

## For production
If you want to use this for production web servers or reverse proxies, here we go with some suggestions:
- Buy or get free certificates and change the Dockerfile
- Always check the `default.conf` file for any improvement you think it deserves.
- Copy the `default.conf` file to another file and use sites-enabled/sites-available nginx feature, it's more clear and kind for the next person that will touch that.
- Always, ALWAYS, check docker image version. Here we use latest, but you can't be sure in what's going to change in the next release and you don't want to pin a version and stay with it forever. Trust me.
